
## UP VARIATION
## -----------------------------------------------------------
prompt_WZ_bTagLF_Up  : WZTo3LNu                    : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Up : VHToNonbb                   : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Up : GGHZZ4L                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Up : ZZTo4L                      : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Up      : TTGJets                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Up      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Up      : TTGJets                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Up      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Up  : WWW                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Up  : WWZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Up  : WZZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Up  : ZZZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttW_bTagLF_Up  : TTWToLNu                    : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Up  : TTZToLLNuNu                 : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Up  : TTHnobb_pow                 : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
#rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Up  : TTHnobb_mWCutfix_ch1        : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : TTLLJets_m1to10             : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : TTJets_DiLepton             : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromT    : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromTbar : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : TTTT                        : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Up  : tZq_ll                      : xsec : eventBTagSF_up_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True

## DN VARIATION
## -----------------------------------------------------------
prompt_WZ_bTagLF_Dn  : WZTo3LNu                    : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Dn : VHToNonbb                   : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Dn : GGHZZ4L                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_bTagLF_Dn : ZZTo4L                      : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Dn      : TTGJets                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Dn      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Dn      : TTGJets                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_bTagLF_Dn      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Dn  : WWW                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Dn  : WWZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Dn  : WZZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_bTagLF_Dn  : ZZZ                         : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttW_bTagLF_Dn  : TTWToLNu                    : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Dn  : TTZToLLNuNu                 : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Dn  : TTHnobb_pow                 : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
#rares_ttZ_bTagLF_Dn  : TTHnobb_mWCutfix_ch1        : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : TTLLJets_m1to10             : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : TTJets_DiLepton             : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromT    : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromTbar : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : TTTT                        : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_bTagLF_Dn  : tZq_ll                      : xsec : eventBTagSF_down_lf/eventBTagSF ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
